"And when you have the realization of emptiness," he asked to Atisha, "when you have the
realization of emptiness, then we will stop the negative activities."
That's what the Rangtamba asked to Atisha. Atisha answered it. "And when you have the realization
of the emptiness, that individual is never going to do any negative activities, any negative
activities."
Compassion is bursting. You discover the same time you discover the emptiness of that. It's not
just one after another.
Therefore, for example, all these Buddhas, all those great beings, when we read the life story of
thought, they are the great masters.
They are such a religion for them. But they are hard in compassion. How strong, how immense, really
they have.
When we read the life story, they are translated now.
How much both of our master papa Ramachas and the Jungmulabas, everyone, because when you have such
a great compassion, also they are so humble.
They are so simple, not burst and carried by the arrogance or the ego-clingings. So gentle, so
peaceful, so down to the earth.
That is what really the practice is. And I mean, read Buddha's life stories. How Buddha is humble,
simple.
And again, the teaching says, Buddha walks with, carries his own begging book. Then begging book
walks with bare feet, bare feet with the student, place to place, place to place.
That shows how humbles. Buddha is a teacher of all the kings at that time. And of course, his
parents too. His family is his grandson, son of a king or royal.
And he is a teacher of all those great, powerful beings in their times and rich, wilderness. But
yet, he walks with bare feet, or he is not going with charity, or the golden charity, all those
decorated things.
Walking with bare feet, place to place, and staying on the trees, and putting his dharma rops, dh
arma rops under the ground, ground on the ground.
Lay out who is in it. Sit, sit. One time Buddha said, "Ananda, I need rest." Even though Buddha is
never beyond the old head and all that, but when he reached that old, quite old head, maybe in the
70s, he said, "Ananda, I need rest."
Ananda did this, and he laid, he said, "Rest, for example." He said, "I just can't hold this face.
It's simple, humble. That's filled with great compassion."
This is the realization, all this, when you got realization, even Buddha looks like an external
death, but in his inner levels, everything is purely, purely.
He isn't always in it, somehow, purely, all the time. But yet, in externally, he showed that to us,
to example to you, of how we have to be standing with this, to discover our inner beautiful natures
.